[Docs change] Windows MDM enrollment details don't clear upon OS change (#28076)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/enroll-hosts.md

4. Select **Actions > Delete** to delete the host from Fleet.

> > If a user is changing OS (e.g., from Windows to Linux), the best practice is for the IT admin to delete the host from Fleet and re-enroll.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If an end user wants to switch their workstation's operating system (e.g. from Windows to Linux), before they switch, delete the host from Fleet. Then, re-enroll the host.
```
